plugins/agents-md-skill/README.md, before:

# agents-md-skill

Write AGENTS.md / CLAUDE.md files that actually help coding agents.

Most auto-generated context files make agents worse — a study across 438 tasks and four agents (arXiv:2602.11988v1, ETH Zurich, Feb 2026) found they reduce success rates by 2-3% and increase cost by 20%. This skill applies those findings: it keeps only what agents can't discover through their own tools and cuts everything else.

## What it does

- Audits existing AGENTS.md / CLAUDE.md files against research-backed criteria
- Creates new context files from scratch by exploring the codebase
- Handles monorepos with nested context files — promotes buried content, removes duplication
- Works on any repo, any language

## Examples

**Audit an existing file:**
> "Review my project's CLAUDE.md and tell me what's actually useful."

**Create from scratch:**
> "Generate an AGENTS.md for this project."

**Clean up a monorepo:**
> "This repo has CLAUDE.md files scattered across subdirectories, clean them up."

## Install

```
/plugin marketplace add CJHwong/claude-skills
/plugin install agents-md-skill@claude-skills
```

Commit message:

feat(agents-md-skill): add slash command generation and capture-workflow migration
[why]
The research principle "every line costs reasoning tokens" applies equally
to slash commands and context files. Bundling capture-workflow into this
plugin lets it benefit from the same quality bar, and gives users an
explicit /agent-context entry point for context file creation.

[how]
- Add agent-context command for create/audit/prune workflows with
  auto-detect mode, research-backed validation, and monorepo handling
- Migrate capture-workflow from ~/.claude/commands/ and enhance with
  quality principle, draft validation step, and "never include" kill list
- Broaden plugin description and SKILL.md triggers to cover both
  context files and slash command generation
- Bump version to 1.1.0

plugins/agents-md-skill/README.md, after:

# agents-md-skill

Write lean, effective agent instructions — context files and slash commands — backed by empirical research.

A February 2026 study across 438 tasks and four agents (arXiv:2602.11988v1, ETH Zurich) found that most auto-generated context files reduce success rates by 2-3% and increase cost by 20%+. The same principle applies to slash commands: every line is an instruction the agent will spend reasoning tokens following. This skill knows what to keep and what to cut.

## What it does

**Context files** (AGENTS.md, CLAUDE.md):
- Creates new context files by exploring the repo and keeping only non-discoverable info
- Audits and prunes existing files against research-backed criteria
- Handles monorepos with nested context files
- Works on any repo, any language

**Slash commands** (capture-workflow):
- Extracts workflow steps and orchestration patterns from conversations
- Generates reusable commands with the same quality bar
- Filters out meta-protocol and generic advice that waste tokens

## Commands

| Command | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `/agent-context` | Create, audit, or prune an AGENTS.md / CLAUDE.md |
| `/capture-workflow` | Capture a conversation workflow as a reusable slash command |

## Examples

**Create a context file:**
> `/agent-context create`

**Audit an existing file:**
> `/agent-context audit`

**Capture a workflow from the current conversation:**
> `/capture-workflow deploy-service`

## Install

```
/plugin marketplace add CJHwong/claude-skills
/plugin install agents-md-skill@claude-skills
```
